# nsrB
classical magnetic fields in the NSR gernets experiment

Initial shared nsrB repository
Files:
1. nsr_Bdd.f: f77 Monte Carlo calculation of (classical magnetic field x volume 2) averaged over volume 2 due to collection of individual dipoles in volume 1. Calculation is repeated for several positions of volume 2 which can be specified by "asinom" variable.  Based on code to calculate gravity and 5th forces for 2 test masses, one woth a simusoidal motion; variable names may still reflect that.  Previous history of this code is summarized in the header.
2. W_phase.txt: sample ascii output file generated by nsr_Bdd.f: 7 columns: volume 2 position (microns), mean Bx x volume 2, mean By x volume 2, mean Bz x volume 2, Bx error x volume 2, By error x volume 2, Bz error x volume 2.
5. inside_points.txt: sample ascii output file generated by nsr_Bdd.f: x, y, z coordinates of individual points falling in test mass volumes, for use in 3D visualization of geometry for checking.
6. geom_check.nb: Mathematica notebook to make 3D plot of test masses and check geometry. (NOTE: I do NOT suggest using this on output files with more than a few hundred points - will take too much time and resources.  Do low-stats runs to check geomtery, then hi-stats for final results).
7. nsr_Bdd.mm: Mathematica SCRIPT to convert the (classical magnetic field x volume 2) calculated by nsr_Bdd.f to field (divides by volume 2, scales with magnetization), plot this value vs volume 2 position, and compare this value with that computed from analytical expression for field on axis of magnetized disk.
